---
layout: docs
title: File structure
description: Learn more about the file structure of Rocket
group: getting-started
toc: true
---

## Source files

The following folders and files are considered as "source" files as these are which you are supposed to work with when developing.

### Html

In the `pages/` folder you'll find all of the html templates.

### Partials

Files in `partials/` are included in other html files with the help of gulp-file-include. Such files are `_footer.html`, `_head.html` and so on.

Please check the official [gulp-file-include documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-file-include) to learn how to use these partials.

### Assets

All assets such as CSS, JS, images and fonts can be found in the `assets/` folder.

### Sass

`scss`/ is one of the most important files in our product. Here you'll find two folders and one important file:

- `scss/bootstrap` is the scss code from Bootstrap 4. As our product is an extension of the Bootstrap 4 components, we made use of the variables and mixins provided by them.
- `scss/rocket` holds the variables, mixins and custom components developed by Themesberg for Rocket.
    - `rocket/mixins` is where you can find the custom mixins developed by us similar to the ones from Bootstrap 4.
    - `rocket/utilities` has styles for custom helper classes for spacings, borders, shadows and many more.
    - `rocket/vendor` is the folder that holds styles for the external libraries we use for Rocket. We use them here so that there will be only one minified css file. This way the files will load faster.
    - `*.scss` The remaining files are the styles used for each component from Rocket.
- `rocket.scss` is where all the other scss files are imported. This file is later used in gulpfile.js to compile the code in CSS.

### Other files

- `gulpfile.js` is where you'll find the Gulp functions that generate, compile and serve our code.
- `index.html` is the main html template.
- `package.json` holds the theme dependencies.
- `README.md` can never miss from a project. Here you can find basic information regarding the software we've developed.
- `.gitignore` is used to ignore folders such as node_modules or dist if you have a git instance.

## Generated files

These folders and files are generated by using based on our (gulp commands)[] and `npm install`.

### dist

The `dist/` folder will be generated when running the `gulp build:dist` command. You'll find html, js and css code in a minified state. Ideally you shouldn't modify the content of these files, as they are supposed to be the generated code that you'll use to go live.

### html&css

The `html&css/` folder can be generated by running `gulp build:dev`. This folder will have all the necessary files, unminified files of the project. We recommend to use this folder if you want a copy of the theme without Sass, Gulp or npm.

### .temp

You might be wondering what the `.temp/` folder is all about. Long story short you don't have to worry about it, as you shouldn't modify files from there. It is dynamically generated by Gulp to serve the files to a local server through BrowserSync and show you how the product will look when it will finally get generated for production.

### CSS

The `css/` folder is generated by gulp as it holds the compiled scss files. These files are automatically included by our html templates.

We recommend you to use scss as it is a powerful language where you can change variables to update colors, shadows, font families to your liking. If you choose otherwise, you can modify the main `rocket.css` file by writing simple CSS.

Warning: if you write your own CSS in the `rocket.css` file and run gulp it will override your file based on what the scss files hold.

### Node modules

The `node_modules/` folder contains external libraries generated based on `package.json`.

